i  was like low
the
much  also in
the  maori
better  in the fort
he  came in if that of as i had held and wailing that
petitioning  any hurt her face and i was to
go  to a man that though i areas well i'm just
in  demanding eating the food ottymobeel
you  better
i  london
at
are  the offering on the fire sitivations
in  cairo
verstehe  inactive
potation  trimountain that eternity
there  always manifestation
more
i  will find this hard to follow and encouraging debate i really
do  you
life  is not fair people
and  as you get older you figure out what the inequalities are
and  just how arbitrary and irrational
i  think it takes some people many many years
used  to the fact that human but
an  equally seemingly at random but arbitrarily
and  not a one gets
at  the stick it's very common course to meet children who are upset about that who are comfortable with that
eager  and then at different ages in different stages of life
finally  get comfortable with the fact that look you know
not  every one is pretty enough to be a model not everyone is pretty enough
to  be an anchor man who reads the news
and  at some stage in it some age we also have to use
the  profane and radical inequalities
immaterial  and intangible
so  if you know once you get to the stage in life where you're finally comfort
physical  qualities we all get a live with
are  you yet comfortable with the type of
immaterial  mental inequalities that would ever
girl  melody
aimery  from ireland
i  don't resent the fact that she's managed to build
a  career on
out  of a somewhat vacant
and  no apparent talents
and  a real deficit of intelligence so far as i can measure such
i  haven't heard intelligent word out of her heart a lot
of  a lot of stupid things out of her mouth so far
i'm  not going to say the world is a terrible place because some one like her can get a certain measure of
fame
out  of various filling herself putting on her make up what is
she  no she answers completely in name she went a sessions from her viewers i mean what
there  is no substance to it
but  does that make the world a worse place or better place i don't know in some ways can't we say
the  world is a wonderful place that some one like her can or living by doing nothing
i  don't know
is  it is it wonderful or as a terrible
and
meaning
resoundingly  hollow
aspect  of our culture in the
an
and  you know
you  get to watch people like her
swim  up to their limits
the  deep end of the pool
and  get scared
and  then swim back
some  people criticize me for hanging out with a guy like
he's  been on my channel just recently you'll see him again
some  people say the began sheets an idiot
stand  understand why i feel that way
ah  but it's interesting in terms of intelligence and
self  dis
two  very different
he  is a guy who is smart enough
and  so this one
to  really appreciate what began as is
what  is a
what  matters what i take
he's  got what
melanie  melanie murphy
i  got what i take
and  we've all learned that
and  now we've heard her pathetic and incoherent excuses and
because  i felt like my social life has always revolved
food  i not cooking i love sorceries i look eating out when my friend
and  i found it i found it very difficult to enjoy
my  life to the fullest extent when
limiting
myself  i just struggled with it and i can admit that i found it difficult
to  salivate over
rose
to  discuss me and when i was not eating any i would see and i was driven
a  man friend of mine called pale
he  has
stuff  a tone he had under
he  looked like the healthiest guy i've ever seen in my life he looked amazing
and  i was like what what are you doing i'm he was eating mostly pale with at the coolie
where  heat have whatever he
i  was like now you know what palatially infolding
me  and things like that are tearful better under
and  to quote an old song by the routine clan by old
something  new
just  came out of nowhere
something
is  a miserable ancient part of human nature you're going to see again
and  again if i can
and  as long as we're doing this as long as were taken completed at some putting them up on a pedestal
whether  there actors or athletes or what have you
we  are going to see and hear this again and again i couldn't make a less polybius i'm not into
severity  culture i could not make a list of how many you know famous models and
actresses  have already done this where there began for a while
and  they talk about the ethics while they are began as if the ethics mattered
and  then the minute
some  excuse some reason pops into their head
they  stop being vain suddenly the ethics don't matter at all did they ever right
i  mean this is really a portrait
of  the self selected
that  the masses of human
it's  you know this is really if you pay attention it's hard to force yourself to attention
what  this girl is to say but if you really patenting if you made a flow chart this is
like  a cross section
of  the mediocre mind and how it works
oh  you know when i eat meat i feel better oh how how is
my  social life oh making food as part of my social life will being began
interferes  my social life so i feel better when i eat meat oh i met this one guy who
was  really handsome and he a pelion he told me that eating meat is good
he
i  do not want to hazard a guess
as  to what percentage
the  human race
and  leave this
a  pretty big percentage and the main reason why it's such a big percentage in the current
generation
is  that they've let go of the older pattern which was answering
those  questions and solving those problems
by  learning from your parents and your grandparent
these  people instead there looking around for that kind of authority figure not in the church
not  in on family not in the ancestors not in cultural traditions there finding that type of authority
in
website
ran  the articles you tube videos and crucially some guy
some  handsome guy you happen to meet
some  anecdotal and
face  to face with some person that changes your life
and
these  people all round
the  billiard table
like  balls
if  you happen to be the person who's an influence on them this week or this month if you happen
to  be the person they are impressed by may be they'll become began in now for a long few
weeks  a few months whatever and then happens again you know i billabong around
some  other influence comes into their light in this case she met some one who was a pallet that's apparently
what  happened with bill clinton you know america's number one built benbow they'll clink
horseleeches  clean away on
the  line of my doctor i try it some fish you know but clinton he met a
vegan  doctor that began doctor inforced him for a while he met a palace that paleographer
well  out in know what's next some people told me bill's gone back to being began who knows
but  at some point you ran level of shallowness
so  terrifying
these  people are just barely responsible for their own actions and their
the  sons and
and
you  know reason why i'm more familiar with this
admiral  like western political science is not comfortable dealing with the all but you know
in  buddhism this is actually one of the themes that come back to again and
try  to recruit who do you try to train
and  the fact that buddhistical is an ancient
did  not try to convert
the  weakest and the stupidest he didn't want the biggest flock that it was trying
to  only convert the people who were highly competent and highly
and  the role of these peculiar parables of the
now  what is he is often reproach for being a lead
the  young like christianity that
to  aberdeyne unlike you know religion like judaism where you're just born into it or you're
not  born into it that buddhism really had this
you  know more or less intellectual leadest approach of saint look not every one
is  smart enough to understand what is philosophy not everyone is mareno to benefit from but
as  philosophy there's no point planting seeds in the middle of the desert
field
you  find the people for whom the message
from  the philosophies of
and  some people are just never going to be philosophers
and  of course that's the other thing that's the ancient put it
was  that a lot of the people they were trying to recruit were already in the elite of hindu
religions  of gin religions of rival religious groups there already religious leads
for  rival religions in india that
so  instead of trying to convert someone who was totally naive about religion
they  were trying to convert people who already quite sophisticated
andy  had contrasting
so
and  that is in a nutshell why the ancient cannon of terror about but is on the pallid
it's  so interesting
sadly  it also explains why modern but is the twenty first century
and
look  i mean i've seen this in so many things in my life i used to be married to university
professor
and  both in her work within the university and inside the university just in dealing with other young intellectuals
time  and time again i saw her try to help people
help  them with
to  finding the research project or their pace
advance  them and i often have to warn a look you know what you're doing is morally good
but
and  of looking at this person trying to help with you know with rose colored glasses
you  can hide yourself but who they are and their potential in their limits
you  can only help them so much if they don't have the will if they don't have the desire if
they  don't have the intelligence if they're not the self discipline
i  go nowhere i had conversations like that
with  my wife now my ex wife many many times
and  i think every single time then you know a couple of weeks later she'd have to say to
me  a couple o weeks or as a couple of months yet you know you're
i  put my time and effort and to try to help this
but  he or she just does not have what it takes to be an intellectual does
not  have to take to do the rest
those  not have attacks
so  look ah i love to mine about this
i  don't think began his own should be for an intellectually i don't i think begin
his  should be for everybody seemed with the non smoking
i  think nan smoking is for everybody i think completed it should avoid becoming addicted
to  tobacco i think geniuses should avoid becoming a behold all
shoot
but  the peculiar challenges that exist into
challenges  that require intelligence and
challenges  of struggling in a world of misinformation
master
ah  right now there were barriers to entry for began to
tend  to prevent
stupidest  in the weakest among us from becoming the
and  there are real difficulties in remaining
which  is what melanie murphy illustrates
it's  not a leopard but when you look at when you meet the people
who  have what it takes to be
it's  worth while to pause and think even if you dislike them personally you may dislike me person as
fine  but when you look at me or any other example you happen to meet or see on line
should  recognize
this  is a person
even  our i think they're domestick they're wrong even if i think they're bad they don't listen to the same music
i  listen to they don't like the same things so like
if  that person has the intelligence self is upon to become the gun and
the  old
something  that about maybe the something you can learn from
and
when  you look at the elegance when you look at the people to drop out
you've  got to appreciate the opposite you've got to stop and this
there's  something the
it's  worth understanding exactly
death